if you can skim the high grass I've hit
that little tree before I keep
forgetting it's there so in my last
flight I thought I broke the motor mount
but I actually broke the motor and
here's how I did it
barbie is partially out and it's
throwing off my balance when i can't see
my landing gear is a little bent i'm not
sure what angle it should be that's
better
see if that was the issue so what i'm
going to do is just throw it since i
can't seem to do a take-off here
the problem is probably not the vertical
stabilizer I was supplying to just fine
the other day so I don't know well
broken cow broken motor mount so back to
the drawing board
something's wrong
something's wrong I'm bringing in for a
landing I don't know what's wrong
you saw how it suddenly turned one
direction have no idea whoa
Richard an anti grass safe thing to do
that high grass has saved my plane so
many times I've crashed in the high
grass and I've not gotten any damage so
let's go check it out
so yeah it's completely unharmed the
grass is like this high so I have no
idea why it was going out of control
it's probably not smart to keep flying
but I think I will I mean one theory is
there's other radio signals affecting it
it's possibility batteries are gone not
too bad so yeah when the batteries go
sometimes it's without warning and you
know and you're trying to do something
and you got no power so but I don't
think I got any damage let's go check it
out
all right no damage kinda hard to steer
my left hand
okay looks like propeller and cowl
destroyed and my glasses are fogging so
humid out and warm this is not gonna be
a pretty landing with grass landings it
is much harder than I thought let's fly
straight out and loop it back cut cut
the engine here and just bring it in
at the edges oh you know my natural
reflex right before you land was to
flare and I flared the wrong direction
and pounded it right into the ground so
once again my instincts website out
instincts were wrong I have never done
this before I've never tried to flare
upside down so it wasn't so great
I lost I lost her
I think I hear my cow rubbing against my
propeller axle
awesome okay I didn't even expect to
land in the road but just kind of happen
and that was awesome